what's up guys might be a que phony here
this is Trials Evolution Tuesdays whoo
aka tits and you were looking at a co-op
right now that's right those of you guys
have advantage for the past week or so
we have co-op and trials and if you're
really good at it
you might earn yourself a three-month
Xbox Live I'm leaning all over the
keyboard now let's just leave it in all
right anyways click the annotation to
find out more and you can get yourself a
three month Xbox Live Gold card
good luck you know I know this week I
said I was gonna try to focus a little
bit more on regular tracks like you know
two two wheel motors like old you know
motocross whatever like regular stuff
but I could not resist
your flaw it's a dragon you cannot why
why would I pass up on this I wouldn't
it's a fucking dragon it's it's a really
shitty dragon and it flies and it looks
like shit but still it's a fucking
dragon tell me that's not amazing it's
amazing it's totally amazing I mean I'm
here we go Legos and uh wait for it wait
for it Mario oh snap tell me this is not
the best comment it's the worst
combination actually I'm not even try to
fake it's the worst who ever built did
anybody actually build like Mario
Brothers stuff out of Legos was that a
thing I for me was an air wolf like
nothing got built ever but air wolf and
that was like the end anyways this is
one of those tracks that you throw into
your mix whenever you need to break
something light-hearted whatever but I
just had to point out because it was
actually really well put together if you
look at all the assets and everything
that uses oh snap look at that and the
way the track starts and ends with Mario
I thought that was that's really nice
and of course the working flag looks
like a Triforce that is awesome good job
guy now that the nice stuffs out of the
way we can move on to things that are a
bit more challenging and this one is a
little challenging and it also has style
and physics I mean on top of everything
else right there's also physics involved
so it's not just a static track you're
gonna see some elements actually move in
a very very cool fashion but you
actually have different ways you can
attack this so I back flip off this come
around the edge here now I cab a clip on
to that platform right there that I just
touch to fail that or you can move
forward hit with your front brake and
then move forward your rear
same thing right here watch see just
enough physics to not be super annoying
but you're just gonna add a layer of
challenge so right here backflip you
want to hit to break bring that rear
tire around slap your head against that
no problem I hit my head on that thing
so many times it doesn't kill you but
I'm pretty certain that I just keep
getting lucky this right here the only
challenge here is the fact of the water
fogs you down but ultimately it is a
really great track it does challenge you
and probably my favorite track of the
week now let's go ahead and move on to
things that are a little more dickish
like borderline Candyland dickish first
and we'll consider this a viewer
spotlight so if you have tracks you want
to submit for me to take a look at and
put on the show then feel free to to
ping me with your username your gamertag
I need that nor it actually cleans up
anyways this is squishy this is a guy
who made QWOP right so he clearly has an
affinity for being an asshole which is
great because this is the perfect kite
damn track for that he showed this to me
while I was streaming a couple
weeks back and all it is is the pegs on
that board back there show you where the
invisible log thing is gonna be and you
can't hit it at full blast and just
thinking your guy like just barrel over
it because if you miss if you mess it up
you're gonna end up face planning but
the setup is simple right it just it
shows you where it's gonna be it's green
blue red red no problem
he's still not sure and that's what's
wrong this track is it's not that it's
incredibly difficult or anything you
just have to jump over a single hump you
just can't see it and you don't know
where it's gonna be and and the track is
like four minutes long it's so long it's
so what happens you started getting to
the end and then he starts trolling you
like there I'm not gonna tell you what
happens right you have to just play it
just to figure it out but he starts
trolling you at the end and that's him
it sorry squishy your dick but not as
big of a dick as this guy who made this
track I I talked last week briefly about
tracks with the name ninja in them this
is one of them but this is a supercross
track this is the track that you bust
out on people like shizzle when you're
like I just want to see somebody hate
through life endlessly over and over
again it starts off with a flat wall
most people who play this game the
average gamer I would say that concept
is foreign to them they do see wall and
ramp that I can traverse up did you see
what I had in order to get up there it's
ridiculous and then this thing is just
is just dickish enough to make it just
just a little too hard to get up and
granny the first time I went through
this it took me about two hundred tries
before the time ran outside actually
played until the time right now looks
like this time I actually do complete it
but as great as I felt when I completed
this map and I was like girl right just
like that alright you go and you watch
the the leaderboard the number one
person on leaderboard at any time you do
this with any map any time you think
you're amazing at trials when you go and
you watch like the number one person on
a track like this your life is suddenly
and granted on your slide you're gonna
be like that guy has no life to have
done it that well but inside you're
still thinking you're still there you're
not you're like I wish I could do it as
good as right that's what you're
thinking um this is one of those tracks
now here's I'm gonna do I'm gonna piece
together my run okay like a flawless
kind of cut together of my run and I'm
gonna take number one guys run who's
name just also happens to have like
ninja in it like an ass right he just
wants to rub it in your face
now that I have this put together I
don't want to show anybody but you know
what I said I would so let's do this and
it also is kind of cool decided by side
to see how I stack up against the number
one guy on this track now some elements
I actually do better than him but the
fact that he can actually get the whole
thing strung together in one single shot
is Jay that's the kicker so I look I'm
on 14 already watching doesn't the right
look at that first time now watch me on
the left here I go
ready 49 49 tips I don't even land it
look I hit a trigger it and I fall I
fall off 71
he's at 0 here we go he's gonna mess up
right about here I think he's gonna fall
and I'm leaving it in because I need
that advantage look false crash done
okay now with his crash and my you know
magic editing skills we're almost neck
and neck he's still beating me with
movie magic he's still beating me but I
think he's still human cuz he hits these
things the same way I do it's difficult
right it's hard to actually land every
single one of these little platform
things just the right size
I can't believe he's gonna beat me even
though I cut this whole thing together
with no flaws look look look he's gonna
wait am I gonna beat him am I gonna beat
him
straight into it don't don't stop don't
try flippin fuck it we're walking we're
just gonna walk right through it yeah